README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

<h3 align="center">I love puzzles and experiments. 4+ years doing software jobs. <br> Also, i am an <a href="https://oparand-home.surge.sh/products.html">upcoming indie hacker</a>. <br> I build beautiful software (mostly dev tooling) that works on the web! 😎🙌🏾. <br> You can find me on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ifeoraokechukwu">my YouTube channel</a> yapping about software stuff.</h3>
<br><br><br>

<div align="center">
 
>🔭 I’m currently working on [**react-busser**](https://github.com/codesplinta/busser), [**react-busser-headless-ui**](https://github.com/isocroft/react-busser-headless-ui) and [**urisanity**](https://github.com/codesplinta/URISanity)<br>
>🌱 I’m currently learning [**Golang**](https://go.dev/) and [**Elixir**](https://elixir-lang.org/)<br>
>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [**laravel-groquel**](https://github.com/isocroft/laravel-groquel)<br>
>🤔 I’m looking for help with [**pptx**](https://github.com/isocroft/pptx)<br>
>💬 Ask me about _Software Testing_, _Modular Monoliths/Microservices_, _Concurreny_ and _Open Source_<br>
>📫 How to reach me: isocroft\[art\]gmail\[dort\]com<br>
>😄 Pronouns: Nil<br>
>⚡ Fun fact: Music hobyist, Gadget freak, I love me some "je ne sais quoi" moments 😂

</div>
<br><br><br>

<h4 align="center">
  This section is about what technologies I've worked with and what I use almost in my day-to-day activities.
</h4>
<p align= "center"><b>My tech stack toolbox 🛠 includes the following:</p>


<!-- ## Upcoming Languages -->
<!--<code><img height="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/go"></code>--> 

<!-- ## Upcoming Frameworks -->
<!--<code><img height="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506214/brimble-assets/nuxt_jezlae.svg"></code>-->
<!-- <code><img height="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506215/brimble-assets/vue_ms0yrd.svg"></code>-->

<!-- ## Upcoming Frameworks -->
<!--<code><img height="35" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/flask/gray"></code>-->



<div align="center">

| **🐚 Languages:**                                                                                                                                                            | **🎱 Frameworks:**                                                                                                                                                            | **💽 Databases:**                                                        | **👨🏽‍💻 Deployments**               |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png"></code>  | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nextdotjs/gray"></code>                                                                           | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/postgresql/postgresql.png"></code>                                                                      | <a href="https://vercel.com"><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vercel/gray"></a>       |
| <code><img height="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"></code>                                  | <code><img height="30" width="30"  src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506214/brimble-assets/react_enqbki.svg"></code>                        | <code><img height="50" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb"></code>       | <a href="https://netlify.com"><img height="30" width="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1686909209/brimble-assets/netlify_bwxw0a.svg"></a> |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png"></code>                    | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/express/express.png"></code> | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mysql"></code> | <!--<code></code>-->  |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png"></code>                | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/laravel/laravel.png"></code> | <!--<code></code>-->                                                     | <!--<code></code>-->  |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png"></code>          | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1686908051/brimble-assets/fastapi-1_xr24t8.svg"></code>                    | <!--<code></code>-->                                                     | <!--<code></code>-->  

</div>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated experience and skills
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

<h3 align="center">I love puzzles and experiments. 7+ years building software systems in EdTech, FinTech, E-commerceTech and ProuctivityTech. <br> Also, i am an <a href="https://oparand-home.surge.sh/products.html">upcoming indie hacker</a>. <br> I build beautiful software (mostly dev tooling) that works on the web! 😎🙌🏾. <br> You can find me on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ifeoraokechukwu">my YouTube channel</a> yapping about software stuff.</h3>

<br><br><br>

<div align="center">

>🥽 I'm very good at debugging and troubleshooting software bugs annd defects.
>🎒 I'm also very productive with no-code tools (Zapier, AirTable and Webflow).
>🔭 I’m currently working on [**react-busser**](https://github.com/codesplinta/busser), [**react-busser-headless-ui**](https://github.com/isocroft/react-busser-headless-ui) and [**urisanity**](https://github.com/codesplinta/URISanity)<br>
>🌱 I’m currently learning [**Golang**](https://go.dev/) and [**Elixir**](https://elixir-lang.org/)<br>
>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on [**laravel-groquel**](https://github.com/isocroft/laravel-groquel)<br>
>🤔 I’m looking for help with [**pptx**](https://github.com/isocroft/pptx)<br>
>💬 Ask me about _Software Testing_, _Modular Monoliths/Microservices_, _Web App Security_, _Sotfware Concurrency_, _Data Structure + Algos_, and _Open Source_<br>
>💯 I currently volunteer at @sysdsgn to help spread the world aout how awesome Arican sotware engineers are!!
>📫 How to reach me: isocroft\[art\]gmail\[dort\]com<br>
>😄 Pronouns: Nil<br>
>⚡ Fun fact: Music hobyist, Gadget freak, I love me some "je ne sais quoi" moments 😂

</div>
<br><br><br>

<h4 align="center">
  This section is about what technologies I've worked with and what I use almost in my day-to-day activities.
</h4>
<p align= "center"><b>My tech stack toolbox 🛠 includes the following:</p>


<!-- ## Upcoming Languages -->
<!--<code><img height="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/go"></code>--> 

<!-- ## Upcoming Frameworks -->
<!--<code><img height="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506214/brimble-assets/nuxt_jezlae.svg"></code>-->
<!-- <code><img height="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506215/brimble-assets/vue_ms0yrd.svg"></code>-->

<!-- ## Upcoming Frameworks -->
<!--<code><img height="35" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/flask/gray"></code>-->



<div align="center">

| **🐚 Languages:**                                                                                                                                                            | **🎱 Frameworks:**                                                                                                                                                            | **💽 Databases:**                                                        | **👨🏽‍💻 Deployments**               |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png"></code>  | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nextdotjs/gray"></code>                                                                           | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/postgresql/postgresql.png"></code>                                                                      | <a href="https://vercel.com"><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vercel/gray"></a>       |
| <code><img height="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"></code>                                  | <code><img height="30" width="30"  src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1674506214/brimble-assets/react_enqbki.svg"></code>                        | <code><img height="50" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb"></code>       | <a href="https://netlify.com"><img height="30" width="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1686909209/brimble-assets/netlify_bwxw0a.svg"></a> |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/c/c.png"></code>                    | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/express/express.png"></code> | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mysql"></code> | <!--<code></code>-->  |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png"></code>                | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/laravel/laravel.png"></code> | <!--<code></code>-->                                                     | <!--<code></code>-->  |
| <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png"></code>          | <code><img height="30" width="30" src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dgqfojhx4/image/upload/v1686908051/brimble-assets/fastapi-1_xr24t8.svg"></code>                    | <!--<code></code>-->                                                     | <!--<code></code>-->  

</div>
